README.md, before:

# Win_Scan

An executable .bat file which runs in your CMD to scan your pc on corrupt files.
Everybody can use it, if you distribute it to others be my guest, but leave my credentials in it.
Also you are not prohibitted of changing this code if you want to furthur distribute it.

If you want to do that, fork this main project.

Licensed: (GNU-3) REALSDEALS ©

## How to use

First of all thanks for using my simple batch script. It's not much but it can make your life as an IT'er or someone that does repairs on Windows devices, a lot easier.

What this batch script does is run the /sfc scannow command, to scan/check your Windows image. If it finds any corrupt and/or missing files it will try to repair them. But there is also a possibillity that it isn't able to fix them.

In that case you can try to run the DISM Command.
_(There will be a future implementation of that command in a external batch script. When made I'll link it down here.)_

## Why should I run the command?

As stated as above, you can check your Windows Image...

Normally you would do that if you are experiencing BSOD's or other Windows related malfunctions.

## Requirements

You need to get the .bat file which is located in the 'script' folder.

- Right-click and run the file as administrator
- Read the lines carefully
- Press a key to start the scan process.
- Wait for it to finish, it will automatically come back with the results

- When repaired? Restart PC and restart the .bat again, to make sure it succesfully repaired the missing/corrupt files.

- If not able to fix, run the DISM Command.

### Questions?

If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.
Check out my main page to mail me.

Commit message:

Update: README.md
Update: Update on the README.md file. Since I want to implement the functions that this one has into the other repository.

People can still use this one, but this isn't so advanced and can't repair the more difficult malfunctions.

README.md, after:

# Win_Scan

An executable .bat file which runs in your CMD to scan your pc on corrupt files.
Everybody can use it, if you distribute it to others be my guest, but leave my credentials in it.
Also you are not prohibitted of changing this code if you want to furthur distribute it.

If you want to do that, fork this main project.

Licensed: (GNU-3) REALSDEALS ©

### Quick Sidenote: (Status: Not Yet Finished)
Win_Scan (this repository) has been implemented in my other repository which is somewhat more advanced.
Please check that one out: https://github.com/REALSDEALS/pcHealth 
Status will change when the pcHealth repo has completely been finished and build.

That one allows you to run more commands through a simple menu.
It can scan for corrupt files, make a battery report, try and repair any malfunctions in your Windows Installation ect.
P.S. I don't say that everyone corrupt Windows installation will be fixed with this, but it's always worth a shot!

## How to use

First of all thanks for using my simple batch script. It's not much but it can make your life as an IT'er or someone that does repairs on Windows devices, a lot easier.

What this batch script does is run the /sfc scannow command, to scan/check your Windows image. If it finds any corrupt and/or missing files it will try to repair them. But there is also a possibillity that it isn't able to fix them.

In that case you can try to run the DISM Command.
_(There will be a future implementation of that command in a external batch script. When made I'll link it down here.)_

## Why should I run the command?

As stated as above, you can check your Windows Image...

Normally you would do that if you are experiencing BSOD's or other Windows related malfunctions.

## Requirements

You need to get the .bat file which is located in the 'script' folder.

- Right-click and run the file as administrator
- Read the lines carefully
- Press a key to start the scan process.
- Wait for it to finish, it will automatically come back with the results

- When repaired? Restart PC and restart the .bat again, to make sure it succesfully repaired the missing/corrupt files.

- If not able to fix, run the DISM Command.

### Questions?

If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.
Check out my main page to mail me.
